what are you thinking the monster day
the most great we must I think there's
like well over a thousand people here
today is great that's a thousand people
who would not bite into the propaganda
they get over over there and other
football clubs and this one's he fans
when pulled him if you see this one G
fans appalled in an arsenal together
what's your main beef with the board I
mean it's people over there singing sack
the board is the main beef well endured
if you when it costs sixty three pounds
for what is tightly now won't repeat
just in case you're not allowed swear
words well basically when it's when you
charge the highest price in world
football
you have no justification you're not
spending that that that money how can it
cost sixty three pounds to go just to
watch a football match you know twenty
years ago you could buy a season ticket
for eighty five pounds to stand in the
old north bank it's a con it's a ripoff
the problem is modern football Arsenal
the board they're a part of that bigger
problem so I hate the board but I hate
modern football so I'm not gonna sit
slating that the ball are still here and
saying that everyone else is okay now
the hope the whole game is messed up do
you think that something like I mean
it's been a good turnout it's been he's
been no trouble now I saw arm but do you
think that it's gonna get through to the
board I mean we've seen protests at man
United and places like that and they've
just been in order if it's gonna be
probably ignored but I knew I mean I'm
not here I'm here to show you that not
everyone went along with the way the
football went and so we're not we're not
sheep they're going to be trampled on
maybe we might not change anything but
at least there are some people without
that don't go along with it and we're
not going to go along with a propaganda
the only thing you know the only things
that make things change is empty seats
and lack of money Minister as long as
they fill up those seats they don't care
but these are the most powerful fans
you'll get but they're not gonna I don't
care about him as long as they get the
money people people paying the money to
sit down they'll get it nothing's going
to change you're going to get people
watching this from a bra
and they're gonna say you know what hey
we're fans as well and and and alright
we can't get to the games but we're
friends and you're gonna get the board
up there saying this and we got a cater
for them as well what do you think it
out I'll go boards and if I've been
aboard in a country I've gone on some
maximals so no we're not saying they're
not important what we're saying is we're
we're saying all fancy important and
we're saying that all fans shouldn't
have to be ripped off that's the message
we don't think anyone should be ripped
off we don't think they should be ripped
off we don't want us to be ripped off so
no one should be ripped off knowing we
would look at Germany look at it cost
ten pounds to go to if I was a tourist
and I when I went to Germany and I was
Ambria Dortmund it's gonna cost me what
10 15 pounds to go and watch them if I'm
a tourist coming to London now what's
your arsenal it's gonna cost me about
five times I so we wouldn't we don't
want anyone to get ripped off we think
football should be affordable for
everyone just for you go tell a student
name in your book again
Oh peace of silence it's a lost soul of
football second edition our guest
chapter from mr. Johnny Lydon the sex
pistol check it out Bruce Marcel's
I need I need more sales
you